“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“One's own religion is after all a matter between oneself and one's Maker and no one else's.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Trust in dreams, for in them is the hidden gate to eternity.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious to the rose.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“An eye for an eye, and the whole world would be blind.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The real test of good manners is to be able to put up with bad manners pleasantly.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Forgetfulness is a form of freedom.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your daily life is your temple and your religion.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“We are all prisoners but some of us are in cells with windows and some without.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Safeguarding the rights of others is the most noble and beautiful end of a human being.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Tell your secret to the wind, but don't blame it for telling the trees.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Love and Doubt are not on speaking terms” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your clothes conceal much of your beauty, yet they hide not the unbeautiful.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“All that spirits desire, spirits attain.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You cannot laugh and be unkind at the same time” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Between what is said and not meant, and what is meant and not said, most of love is lost.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“I would not exchange the laughter of my heart for the fortunes of the multitudes.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Let there be spaces in your togetherness” -Kahlil Ghibran
“For thought is a bird of space, that in a cage of words may indeed unfold its wings but cannot fly.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit. ” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Our anxiety does not come from thinking about the future, but from wanting to control it.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Let me, O let me bathe my soul in colours; let me swallow the sunset and drink the rainbow.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Let your home be you mast and not your anchor.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding. ” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“life unfolds itself in mysteries ways.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Much of your pain is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“But memory is an autumn leaf that murmurs a while in the wind and then is heard no more.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your body is the harp of your soul and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it or confused sounds.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Behind the veil of each night, there is a smiling dawn.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You are far, far greater than you know - and all is well.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Happiness is a vine that takes root and grows within the heart, never outside it.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Art arises when the secret vision of the artist and the manifestation of nature agree to find new shapes.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“For if you bake bread with indifference, you bake a bitter bread that feeds but half man's hunger.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Listen to the women when she looks at you, not when she talks to you.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Perhaps time’s definition of coal is the diamond.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“There must be something strangely sacred in salt. It is in our tears and in the sea.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Love is the only flower that grows and blossoms without the aid of the seasons” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Rest in reason. Move in Passion.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A traveller I am, and a navigator, and everyday I discover a new region within my soul.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Tolerance is love sick with the sickness of haughtiness.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A man's true wealth is the good he does in the world.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A truly religious man does not embrace a religion; and he who embraces one has no religion.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Many a doctrine is like a window pane. We see truth through it but it divides us from truth.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“How beautiful to find a heart that loves you, without asking you for anything, but to be okay.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“He who loses his mother loses a pure soul who blesses and guards him constantly.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Man struggles to find life outside himself, unaware that the life he is seeking is within him.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Life is not only merriment,It is desire and determination.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Work is love made visible.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Your joy can fill you only as deeply as your sorrow has carved you.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“It was in my heart to help a little because I was helped much.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“No matter how busy a man is, he is never too busy to stop and talk about how busy he is.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“One may not reach the dawn by the path of the night. ” -Kahlil Ghibran
“But you who walk facing the sun, what images drawn on the earth can hold you?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Words are too poor and too scant to express the inmost feeling in the heart of man.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“And how shall you punish those whose remorse is already greater than their misdeeds?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Follow your heart. Your heart is the right guide in everything big” -Kahlil Ghibran
“If you sing of beauty though alone in the heart of the desert you will have an audience.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Qualities of Good Citizens... is to admire what others have created in love and faith” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Do not the spirits who dwell in the ether envy man his pain?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Every man loves two women;the one is the creation of his imagination and the other is not yet born” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You need not fear, my love,for never have the stars on high told what they know.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“For God opens the doors of truth to him who knocks with the hand of faith” -Kahlil Ghibran
“And let to-day embrace the past with remembrance and the future with longing.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You want to know the meaning of death. But how shall you find it unless you seek it in the heart of life?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Do not limp before the lame, deeming it a kindness.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A Great Man Has Two Hearts.One Bleeds And The Other Forbears.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“I have yet to meet an ignorant man whose roots are not embedded in my soul.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Remembrance is a form of meeting.Forgetfulness is a form of freedom.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A great singer is he who sings our silences” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Between what is said and not meant, and what is meant and not said, most of love is lost” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The difficulty we meet with in reaching our goal is the shortest path to it.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“A truth is to be known always, to be uttered sometimes” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The poet is a pure spring from which all thirsty souls may drink.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Love...it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Smile, my beloved, like the gold smiles from my father's coffers.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“We often sing lullabyes to our children that we ourselves may sleep.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The eye of a human being is a microscope, which makes the world seem bigger than it really is.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“If the Milky Way were not within me how should I have seen it or known it?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Here love begins to render the prose of Life into hymns and canticles of praise” -Kahlil Ghibran
“He who has not looked on Sorrow will never see Joy” -Kahlil Ghibran
“No lower can a man descend than to interpret his dreams into gold and silver” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Only love and death, are capable of changing everything.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“And when his wings enfold you yield to him,Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Life is but a sleep disturbed By dreaming” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Bread baked without love is a bitter bread that feeds but half a man's hunger.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“We live only to discover beauty. All else is a form of waiting.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Half of what I say is meaningless, but I say it so that the other half may reach you.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Not without a wound in the spirit shall I leave this city.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“How mean am I when life gives me gold and I give you silver, and yet I deem myself generous.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The nearest to my heart are a king without a kingdom and a poor man who does not know how to beg.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“If this is my day of harvest, in what fields have I sowed the seed, and in what unremembered seasons?” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The deeper sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Dig anywhere in the earth and you will find a treasure, only you must dig with the faith of a peasant.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Das freieste Lied dringt nicht durch Gitter und Draht.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“follow the steps trust them and yourself” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is but today's dream.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“The Infinite keeps naught save Love, for it is in its own likeness.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“And then I shall come to you, a boundless drop to a boundless ocean.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“only love and death change all things.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“If my survival caused another to perish, then death would be sweeter and more beloved.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“You make such a noise falling! You scatter all my winter dreams” -Kahlil Ghibran
“Life kisses our faces every morning. Yet, between morning and evening, she laughs at our sorrows.” -Kahlil Ghibran
“To be modest in speaking truth is hypocrisy. TM-ST-95” -Kahlil Ghibran
