“In the summer / I stretch out on the shore / And think of you." -Nizar Qabbani
"Had I told the sea / What I felt for you / It would have left its shores / Its shells, its fish / And followed me.” -Nizar Qabbani
“Our shouting is louder than our actions / Our swords are taller than us / This is our tragedy." -Nizar Qabbani
"In short / We wear the cape of civilisation / But our souls live in the stone age.” -Nizar Qabbani
“Because my love for you is beyond words, I decided to shut up.” -Nizar Qabbani
“The most dangerous heart disease: strong memory." -Nizar Qabbani
“My lover asks me: What is the difference between me & the sky? The difference is that when you laugh I forget about the sky” -Nizar Qabbani
“Never believe a man can change a woman. Those men are pretenders who think that they created women from one of their ribs.” -Nizar Qabbani
"The depth of your love today, is the depth of your wound tomorrow.” -Nizar Qabbani
“Light is more important than the lantern, The poem more important than the notebook” -Nizar Qabbani
“She wants a man who understands her eyes if she gets sad, and points to his chest and say: Here is your home country.” -Nizar Qabbani
“Oh Jerusalem, the fragrance of prophets / The shortest path between earth and sky" -Nizar Qabbani
"Oh Jerusalem, the citadel of laws / A beautiful child with fingers charred and downcast eyes" -Nizar Qabbani
"You are the shady oasis passed by the Prophet / Your streets are melancholy / Your minarets are mourning" -Nizar Qabbani
“And I fear that my place gets taken by some other one who flirts with your eyes while I’m the one who’s crazy about them.” -Nizar Qabbani
“When a man is in love how can he use old words? Should a woman desiring her lover lie down with grammarians and linguists?" -Nizar Qabbani
"I said nothing to the woman I loved but gathered love's adjectives into a suitcase and fled from all languages." -Nizar Qabbani
“Life doesn't stop after losing someone, but it goes on without them differently.” -Nizar Qabbani
“We are a thick skinned people with empty souls." -Nizar Qabbani
"We spend our days playing dice, chess, or sleeping - and we say we are the best people that ever came to mankind?” -Nizar Qabbani
“Days will pass & you’ll abandon things you were addicted to & leave someone & cancel a dream & finally, accept a reality.” -Nizar Qabbani
“Your love taught me to grieve and I have been needing, for centuries, a woman to gather my pieces like shards of broken crystal” -Nizar Qabbani
“He who fights the destinies to stay with you / Is the only one who deserves immortality in your memory.” -Nizar Qabbani
“When I wiped you from the book of memory, I did not know I was striking out half my life” -Nizar Qabbani
“Arab children, corn ears of the future, You will break our chains, kill the opium in our heads, kill the illusions." -Nizar Qabbani
"We are a hopeless case. We are as worthless as a water-melon rind." -Nizar Qabbani
"Arab children, spring rain, corn ears of the future, you are the generation that will overcome defeat." -Nizar Qabbani
"Some are like the Moon, good looking, but only when they're away from you." -Nizar Qabbani
