“The wound is the place where the Light enters you.”
“Stop acting so small. You are the universe in ecstatic motion.”
“What you seek is seeking you.”
“Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.”
“If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?”
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?”
“Forget safety.Live where you fear to live.Destroy your reputation.Be notorious.”
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”
“When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.”
“My soul is from elsewhere, I'm sure of that, and I intend to end up there.”
“silence is the language of god, all else is poor translation.”
“Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.”
“Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.”
“Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.”
“Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.”
“Everything in the universe is within you. Ask all from yourself.”
“Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.”
“Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.”
“I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.”
“Words are a pretext. It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words.”
“Travel brings power and love back into your life.”
“Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames”
“Let the beauty we love be what we do. There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground.”
“Suffering is a gift. In it is hidden mercy.”
“We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.”
“I know you're tired but come, this is the way.”
“Sit, be still, and listen,because you're drunkand we're atthe edge of the roof.”
“Either give me more wine or leave me alone.”
“Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love.”
“And you? When will you begin that long journey into yourself?”
“Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.”
“But listen to me. For one momentquit being sad. Hear blessingsdropping their blossomsaround you.”
“Reason is powerless in the expression of Love.”
“A mountain keeps an echo deep inside. That's how I hold your voice.”
“The cure for pain is in the pain.”
“I closed my mouth and spoke to you in a hundred silent ways.”
“You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens.”
“What hurts you, blesses you. Darkness is your candle.”
“Who could be so lucky? Who comes to a lake for water and sees the reflection of moon.”
“You are the universe in ecstatic motion.”
“You wander from room to roomHunting for the diamond necklaceThat is already around your neck!”
“Only from the heart can you touch the sky.”
“In Silence there is eloquence. Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves.”
“Beauty surrounds us.”
“The moon stays bright when it doesn't avoid the night.”
“If you desire healing,let yourself fall illlet yourself fall ill.”
“Remember. The way you make love is the way God will be with you.”
“They say there is a doorway from heart to heart, but what is the use of a door when there are no walls?”
“The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you. Don't go back to sleep.”
“When you feel a peaceful joy, that's when you are near truth.”
“Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.”
“Put your thoughts to sleep,do not let them cast a shadowover the moon of your heart.Let go of thinking.”
“You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.”
“Within tears, find hidden laughterSeek treasures amid ruins, sincere one. ”
“Is it really so that the one I love is everywhere?”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field.I'll meet you there.”
“There are lovers content with longing.I’m not one of them.”
“When someone beats a rug,the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it.”
“My lips got lost on the way to the kiss - that's how drunk Iwas.”
“Lovers find secret placesinside this violent worldwhere they make transactions with beauty.”
“The lion is most handsome when looking for food.”
“Not only the thirsty seek the water, the water as well seeks the thirsty.”
“The rose's rarest essence lives in the thorns.”
“Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.”
“I once had a thousand desires. But in my one desire to know you all else melted away.”
“Love comes with a knife, not some shy question, and not with fears for its reputation!”
“I will soothe you and heal you,I will bring you roses.I too have been covered with thorns.”
“Gamble everything for love, if you're a true human being.”
“Shine like the whole universe is yours.”
“Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots.”
“Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths.”
“Give your weakness to one who helps.”
“I am yours.Don't give myself back to me.”
“Let silence take you to the core of life.”
“Love calls - everywhere and always. We're sky bound.Are you coming?”
“The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart”
“This is how I would die into the love I have for you: As pieces of cloud dissolve in sunlight.”
“At the end of my life, with just one breath left, if you come, I’ll sit up and sing.”
“The ground's generosity takes in our compost and grows beauty! Try to be more like the ground.”
“You dance inside my chest,where no one sees you,but sometimes I do, and thatsight becomes this art.”
“Try something different. Surrender.”
“In the house of lovers, the music never stops, the walls are made of songs & the floor dances”
“The universe and the light of the stars come through me.”
“I, you, he, she, weIn the garden of mystic lovers,these are not true distinctions.”
“Love is the whole thing. We are only pieces.”
“Forget safety. Live where you fear to live.”
“Listen with ears of tolerance! See through the eyes of compassion! Speak with the language of love”
“I am weary of personal worrying,in love with the art of madness.”
“This poetry. I never know what I'm going to say.”
“I searched for God and found only myself. I searched for myself and found only God.”
“The garden of the world has no limits, except in your mind.”
“The Ego is a veil between humans and God’.”“In prayer all are equal.”
“Look past your thoughts, so you maydrink the pure nectar of This Moment.”
“Poems are rough notations for the music we are.”
“Have you ever gotten breathless before from a beautiful face,for i see you there,my dear.”
“Don’t wait any longer.Dive in the ocean,Leave and let the sea be you.”
“Very little grows on jagged rock. Be ground. Be crumbled, so wildflowers will come up where you are.”
“Keep on knocking'til the joy insideopens a windowlook to see who's there”
“I see my beauty in you.”
“If Light Is In Your HeartYou Will Find Your Way Home.”
“Whenever we manage to love without expectations, calculations, negotiations, we are indeed in heaven.”
“You are the Truth from foot to brow. Now, what else would you like to know?”
“Whatever purifies you is the right path, I will not try to define it.”
“Somewhere beyond right and wrong, there is a garden. I will meet you there.”
“Why do you stay in prison, when the door is so wide open?”
“Dance until you shatter yourself.”
“Woman is the light of God.”
“I want your sun to reach my raindrops, so your heat can raise my soul upward like a cloud.”
“When the light returns to its source, it takes nothing of what it has illuminated.”
“Thankfulness brings you to the place where the Beloved lives.”
“Speak a new languageso that the worldwill be a new world.”
“Darkness may hide the treesand the flowers from the eyesbut it cannot hidelove from the soul.”
“Love is the bridge between you and everything.”
“Whoever finds lovebeneath hurt and griefdisappears into emptinesswith a thousand new disguises”
“The fault is in the one who blames. Spirit sees nothing to criticize.”
“The heart has its own language. The heart knows a hundred thousand ways to speak.”
“Why struggle to open a door between us when the whole wall is an illusion?”
“Your body is away from me, but there is a window open from my heart to yours.”
“When I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside.”
“Why am I seeking? I am the same as he. His essence speaks through me. I have been looking for myself”
“Keep your intelligence white hot and your grief glistening“so your life will stay fresh.”
“Because I cannot sleep i make music in the night”
“Your magnificence has made me a wonder. Your charm has taught me the way of love.”
“If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished??”
“The Prophets accept all agony and trust itFor the water has never feared the fire.”
“As you start to walk on the way, the way appears.”
“We love that s why life is full of so many wonderful gifts.”
“That moon which the sky never saw even in dreams has risen again”
“Love said to me, there is nothing that is not me. Be silent.”
“The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore.”
“When soul risesInto lipsYou feel the kiss You have wanted”
“در غم ما روزها بی گاه شدروزها با سوزها همراه شد”
“It's your road, and yours alone.others may walk it with you,but no one can walk it for you.”
“Move outside the tangle of fear-thinking. Live in silence.”
“Be certain that in the religion of Love there are no believers and unbelievers. LOVE embraces all.”
“There are thousands of wines that can take over our minds. Don't think all ecstasies are the same!”
“I would love to kiss you.The price of kissing is your life.”
“As you live Deeper in the Heart, the Mirror gets clearer and cleaner.”
“The soul is here for its own joy.”
“Your breath touched my soul and I saw beyond all limits.”
“There's a field somewhere beyond all doubt and wrong doing.I'll meet you there.”
“Look carefully around you and recognizethe luminosity of souls.Sit beside those who draw you to that.”
“Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment. Cleverness is mere opinion, bewilderment is intuition.”
“The intelligent desire self-control; children want candy.”
“Let the waters settle and you will see the moon and the stars mirrored in your own being.”
“Flow down and down in always widening rings of being.”
“No one can tell if I’m laughing or weeping.I wonder myself.”
“Like a shadow,I am and I am not.”
“We can't help being thirsty, moving toward the voice of water.”
“Hall of Love has ten thousand swords. Don't be afraid to use one.”
“I went inside my heartto see how it was.Something there makes me hearthe whole world weeping.”
“This that is tormented and very tired,tortured with restraints like a madman,this heart.”
“In your light I learn how to love.”
“Conventional opinion is the ruin of our souls.”
“You've seen my descent, now watch my rising.”
“Nothing I say can explain to you Divine LoveYet all of creation cannot seem to stop talking about it.”
“I said, “I just want to know you and then disappear.”She said, “Knowing me does not mean dying.”
“Love is a river. Drink from it.”
“Judge the moth by the beauty of the candle”
“Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.”
“Each has to enter the nest made by the other imperfect bird.”
“Love rests on no foundation. It is an endless ocean, with no beginning or end.”
“The result of my life is no more than three words: I was raw, I became cooked, I was burnt.”
“What? Are you still pretending you are separate from the Beloved?”
“It is certain that an atom of goodness on the path of faith is never lost.”
“Look for the answer inside your question.”
“Wherever you stand, be the Soul of that place.”
“Love is not an emotion, it’s your very existence”
“come on sweetheartlet's adore one anotherbefore there is no moreof you and me”
“Oh my friend, all that you see of me is a shell, the rest belongs to love.”
“Look at the moon in the sky, not the one in the lake.”
“The middle path is the way to wisdom”
“The way you make love is the way God will be with you.”
“The beauty you see in me is a reflection of you.”
“Your eyelashes will write on my heartthe poem that could never come from the pen of a poet.”
“Don't turn away. Keep your gaze on the bandaged place. That's where the light enters you.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“There is a moon inside every human being. Learn to be companions with it.”
“The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.”
“You are not just a drop in the ocean, you are the mighty ocean in the drop.”
“There are no edges to my loving now.”
“Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.”
“Everything in the universe is a pitcher brimming with wisdom and beauty.”
“When I am with you, everything is prayer.”
“people want you to be happy, don't keep serving them your pain”
“Don’t grieve. Anything you lose comes around in another form.”
“If there were no way into God, I would not have lain in the grave of this body so long.”
“Break your pitcher against a rock. We don't need any longer to haul pieces of the ocean around.”
“if i can only recount the story of my life right out of my body flames will grow”
“If you look too closely at the form, you'll miss the essence”
“Do you pay regular visits to yourself? Don't argue or answer rationally. Let us die, and dying, reply.”
“Love is the religion, and the universe is the book.”
“آزمودم عقل دورانديش را، بعد از اين ديوانه سازم خويش را”
“Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond”
“When you are everywhere, you are nowhereWhen you are somewhere, you are everywhere.”
“Truth lifts the heart, like water refreshes thirst.”
“I Lost Everything,I Have Found Myself.”
“Get yourself out of the way, and let joy have more space.”
“There is a voice that doesn't use words. Listen.”
“Treasure is stored in the ruined places.Do not break the hearts of the poor and heartbroken people”
“You have within you more love than you could ever understand.”
“You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?” ― Rumi”
“خنک آن قماربازی که بباخت آنچه بودشبنماند هیچش الا هوس قمار دیگر”
“Come out of the circle of time And into the circle of love.”
“I looked in temples, churches, and mosques. But I found the Divine within my heart.”
“Every moment I shape my destiny with a chisel, I am a carpenter of my own soul.”
“With life as short as a half taken breath, don't plant anything but love.”
“Protect yourself from your own thoughts.”
“The waterwheel accepts water and turns and gives it away, weeping.”
“If the Beautiful One is not inside you, then what is that Light hidden under your cloak?”
“No one can tell if I’m laughing or weeping. I wonder myself. How can I be separated and yet in union?”
“Love is an emerald.Its brilliant light wards off dragonsOn this treacherous path.”
“Advice doesn't help lovers! They're not the kind of mountain streamyou can build a dam across.”
“When one sense perceives the hidden, the invisible world becomes apparent to the whole.”
“You are my shams.”
“Both light and shadoware the dance of Love.”
“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.”
“Tuhan Mengguyuri hati dengan darah dan air mata sebelum mengukir segala rahasiaNya di sana...”
“The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore”
“Apa perlunya teriakan bagi yang mampu mendengar bisikan”
“The cure for the pain is in the pain.”
“Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.”
“Every object, every being, is a jar full of delight.”
“The heart is cooking a pot of food for you. Be patient until it is cooked”
“I have put the ear of my soul in the widow of your heart”
“A thousand half-loves must be forsaken to take one whole heart home”
“Do not see yourself as a body of clay, see yourself as a mirror reflecting the divine beauty.”
“The gates made of lightswing open. You see in.”
“In fact, my soul and yours are the same, You appear in me, I in you, We hide in each other.”
“I have spent my life dreaming of your face. Now, I have found it.”
“Be suspicious of what you want.”
“Bacalah satu bab dari bukuku, bentangkan rahsia tenaga ciptaan darinya”
“Who could be so lucky? Who comes to a lake for water and sees the reflection of moon?”
“I have searched all over the world but failed to see a virtue better than being well-behaved.”
“Wherever you stand, be the Soul of that place."  -Rumi”
“Do not seek water, get thirst.”
“Let yourself becoming living poetry”
“Death is our wedding with eternity.”
“Out beyond ideasof wrongdoing and rightdoing,there is a field.I'll meet you there.”
“To wander in the fields of flowers pull the thorns from your own heart.”
“In the blackest of your moments, wait with no fear.”
“At a distance you only see my light...Come closer and Know that I am You”
“If light is in your heart, you will find your way home.”
“If I could repeat it,people passing by would be enlightened and go free.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing,there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“WHEN YOU ARE FREED FROM THIS BODYYOU WILL ENTER INTO A NEW WORLDWITHOUT ANY EFFORT.”
“When you go to a garden, do you look at thorns or flowers? Spend more time with the roses and jasmine.”
“The deeper the grief, the more radiant the love.”
“Only Love can explain itself.”
“There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground.”
“Go find yourself first so you can also find me.”
“Set your life on fire. Seek those who fan your flames.”
“Close the language door andopen the lovers window.The moon won’t use the door, only the window.”
“The grief you cry out fromdraws you toward union.Your pure sadnessthat wants helpis the secret cup.”
“تو مرا جان و جهانی ، چه کنم جان و جهان را / تو مرا گنج روانی ، چه کنم سود و زیان را”
“I came back to You because I could not find the kind and decent things I found in You anywhere else.”
“Open to me, so that I may open.Provide me your inspirationSo that I might see mine.”
“Out beyond ideas of rightdoing and wrongdoing there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“I am merely a guest born in this world, to know the secrets that lie beyond it.”
“Oh soul, you worry too much. Your arms are heavy with treasures of all kinds.”
“Choose to love the one who does not die”
“You will learn by reading,But you will understand with LOVE.”
“The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart.”
“Raise your words, not your voice, it's rain that grows flowers, not thunder.”
“Love will find its way through all languages on its own.”
“لم يضر يوسف ذئب البرية، ولكن آذاه ذئب الحسد.”
“Remember, the entrance door to the sanctuary is inside you.”
“ربما تكون الأذنان هما القطنتين اللتين تحجبانك عن السمع!”
“Cahil kimsenin yanında kitap gibi sessiz ol!”
“A heart filled with desire forsweetness and tender soulsmust not waste itself with unsavory matters.”
“God is the only Friend for the Soul on the Way to God.”
“Ogni rosa pregna d'interno profumo, narra, quella rosa, i segreti del Tutto.”
“هر روز نو جامی دهد، تسکین و آرامی دهدهر روز پیغامی دهد، این عشق چون پیغمبرم”
“Tear off the mask. Your face is glorious.”
“Don’t sit and wait. Get out there, feel life. Touch the sun, and immerse in the sea.”
“If God should smile at someone once ..he thenwill not hurt by bitter looks from men”
“If you wish to be a mine of jewels, open the deep ocean within your heart.”
“This world hurts my headwith its answers.I would burn if I had a choice.”
“شش جهت است این وطن قبله و ره یکی مجوبی­وطنی است قبله ­گه در عدم آشیانه کن”
“If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your Heart.”
“Each night the moon kisses secretly the lover who counts the stars”
“you are not a drop in the ocean... you are entire ocean in a drop”
“ليس على العاشق ترتيب الكلام.”
“على المرء أن ينفذ إلى قلبه بنور العقل ويرى واقعه لا أن يكون عبدًا للنقل.”
“كل شيء في هذه الدنيا يجذب شيئًا”
“Life's waters flow from darkness, Search the darkness, don't run from it.”
“النفس من كثرة المديح تتحول إلى فرعون.”
“Let yourself be silently drawn by the inner pull of what you really love.”
“تموت دودة القز في جوف "الحرير" الذي تنسجه حول ذاتها”
“Let yourself be drawn by the strange pull of what you love. You will not be led astray.”
“Let yourself be drawn by the strange pull of what you love. It will not lead you astray.”
“The wailing of broken hearts is the doorway to God.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.”
“I cried because my 3G was down, until I met a man who had no smartphone.”
“Let me sit here, on the threshold of two worlds. Lost in the eloquence of silence.”
“Yesterday I was clever and tried to change the world. Today I am wise and try to change myself.”
“Smiles come best from those who weep.”
“...هـمــه را بیـــازمـودم ز تو خوشــتـرم نیــامـد”
“Your Soul and Mine. Use to be mingled. Breathing as One. Journeying as One.”
“Wake up:This world that you dream holds nothing to fear.”
“Love is the house of God and you are living in that house.”
“I must keep silent. Silent. And let Love describe itself.”
“Let the beauty we love be what we do.”
“Heart is sea, language is shore. Whatever sea includes, will hit the shore.”
“out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and right doing there is a field - i'll meet you there”
“Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.”
“If you are here unfaithfully with us, you're causing terrible damage.”
“Why should I be unhappy?Every parcel of my beingis in full bloom.”
“شرح فقره للناس بصوته القبيح. لكنهم صدقوه ﻷن صوت قلبه كان لطيفا.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and right-doing, there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“القلب جوهر، والقول عرَض، القول زائل والقلب هو الغرض.”
“وما استطعت .. لا تسع في الفراق.”
“I once had a thousand desires. But in my one desire to know you, all else melted away.”
“Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.”
“لا حل إلا أن تكون لله عبدًا!”
“ليس التفاهم باللغات ولكن باﻷحاسيس.”
“أيهما أصدق في الطاعة؟ من أطاع الملك في الغيب أم من أطاعه في الحضور؟”
“بدون الإيمان بالغيب تغلق على نفسك كوة الدار.”
“The very center of your heart is where life begins. The most beautiful place on earth.”
“فرّ يا ولدي من فرعونِ نفسك، ولذ بإله موسى.”
“Live life as if everything is rigged in your favor.”
“Your fragrance is always with me.”
“Der Elefant, der gestern im Traume Indien sah,Sprang aus der Fessel - wer hat, ihn festzuhalten, Macht?”
“And if every way is closed before you. The secret one will show a secret path no other eyes have seen.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there.”
“The inspiration you seek is already within you. Be silent and listen.”
“Der Bettler ruft, um seine Not zu stillen,Der Fromme ruft um seiner Seele willen.”
“من به گوش تو سخن های نهان خواهم گفتسر بجنبان که بلی جز که به سر هیچ مگو”
“I learned that every mortal will taste death, But only some will taste life.”
“When you are everywhere, you are nowhere / When you are somewhere, you are everywhere.”
“do not waste my words on tired minds.I can only talk to those who are thirstyfor the sea.”
“When you seek Love with all your Heart, you shall find its echoes in the universe.”
“Pertanyaan dari hati hanya bisa dijawab oleh jawaban dari hati”
“I am at rest and remaining.”
“Ignorance is God’s prison. Knowing is God’s Palace”
“Be the rising Moon in my dark nights.I am thirsty for your Light.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I will meet you there”
“Swim out of your little pond.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“Und wenn Er alle Wege und Pässe vor dir schließt,Zeigt einen Weg, geheim, Er, den niemand noch gekannt!”
“يُمكن لي أن أنقسم عن أيِّ واحد ، عدا من يحتويني ضِمنهُ ز”
“I thought, "First I will know you, then I will die."He replied, "Whoever knows Me never dies.”
“You are the Universe in Ecstatic Motion”
“I wrote Your Name in My Heart and Forever it will Stay.”
“I can conquer the World with a blink. I can heal a broken Heart with a Smile.”
“Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.”
“Don't turn your head. Keep looking at the bandaged place. That's where the light enters you.”
“To see the moon that cannot be seen,turn your eyes inward & look at yourself,in silence...”
“The way of God's Messenger is the way of Love.We are the children of Love.Love is our Mother.”
“I was you and never knew it”
“ليس غير وجه الحبيب مرآة للروح.”
“والجميل يجذب الجميل، إن شئت فاقرأ "الطيبات للطيبين".”
“إذا خلع الأصلع قلنسوته، عاد أصلع!”
“Love said to me, there is nothing that is not me. Be silent.”
“كان قميص يوسف "بشرى الوصال" حين ألقي على يعقوب.”
“I worship the moon. Tell me of the soft glow of a candle light and the sweetness of my moon.”
“Stay in the spiritual fire. Let it cook you.”
“Love is a boundless oceanin which heavens are but foam.”
“You were sent to unite peopleYou were not been sent to divide people.”
“You were sent to unite peopleYou were not sent to divide people.”
“No prayer is complete without prescence”
“Sit with lovers and choose their state. Do not stay long with those who are not living in the heart.”
“Be like sugarcane sweet yet silent don't get mixed up with bitter words”
“My Soul is my Guide, for my Soul is of that Abode I will not Speak of the Earthly, I am of the Unknown.”
“.کاتێ دەڕۆیت بێ من مەڕۆ، ئەی گیانی گیان بێ لەش مەڕۆ”
“Be like a tree and let the dead leaves drop.”
“What is agony of the spirit? To advance toward death without seizing hold of the Water of Life.”
“You are not a drop in the ocean, you are the entire ocean in a drop.”
“Find the sweetness in your own heart, then you may find the sweetness in every heart.”
“Out beyond the ideas of wrong-doing and right-doing, there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“I see my beauty in you.  I become a mirror that cannot close it’s eyes to your longing”
“Purify your eyes, and see the pure world. Your life will fill with radiant forms.”
“Out beyond ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field. I'll meet you there.”
“Who am I ? Standing in the midst of this thought traffic.”
“There is a Force within That gives you life Seek that”
“From a distance you only see my light; as I get closer and you see that I am you.”
“The beauty you see me is reflection of you..”
“Come, seek, for search is the foundation of fortune; every success depends upon focusing the heart”
“No matter how I see myself, I’m nothing.... Anything I am entirely is You!”
“Dear one, come to the tavern of ruinand experience the pleasures of the soul.”
“I do not waste my words on tired minds.I can only talk to those who are thirstyfor the sea”
“Know then that the body is merely a garment. Go seek the wearer, not the cloak.”
“Life Is Sweet  But Merging With You Is Far Sweeter”
“Whatever I was looking for Was always you”
“Do not be satisfied with the stories that come before you. Unfold your own myth.”
“Peaceful is the one who's not concerned with having more or less.”
“Love is the vital core of the soul,and of all you see, only love is infinite”
“When you are everywhere, you are nowhere. When you are somewhere, you are everywhere.”
“If the house of the world is dark,love will find a way to make windows.”
“How can I know anything about the past or the future, when the light of the Beloved shines only Now.”
“Blessed is he who listens with the ear of his heart”
“The Glance of Love is Crystal Clear.”
“Fortunate is he who does not carry envy as a companion.”
“There is a voice that doesn’t use words. Listen.”
“You will learn by reading But you will understand with love.”
