“Life is very hard. The only people who really live are those who are harder than life itself.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“They said, 'You are a savage and dangerous woman.' I am speaking the truth. And the truth is savage and dangerous.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Yet not for a single moment did I have any doubts about my own integrity and honor as a woman." -Nawal El-Saadawi
“She is free to do what she wants, and free not to do it.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Writing: such has been my crime ever since I was a small child. To this day writing remains my crime. -Nawal El-Saadawi
“If you are creative, you must be dissident.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Everybody has to die, Firdaus. I will die, and you will die. The important thing is how to live until you die.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“I have triumphed over both life and death because I no longer desire to live, nor do I any longer fear to die.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“My skin is soft, but my heart is cruel, and my bite is deadly.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Love has made me a different person. It has made the world beautiful.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“I knew I hated him as only a woman can hate a man, as only a slave can hate his master.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“My work is not worthy of respect. Why then do you join in it with me?” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Memory is never complete. There are always parts of it that time has amputated." -Nawal El-Saadawi
"Writing is a way of retrieving memory, of bringing the missing parts back to it, of making it more holistic.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Solidarity between women can be a powerful force of change." -Nawal El-Saadawi
"Motherhood is like sun and rain and plants, a quality which does not require laws or systems in order to exist.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
"I realized the defenders of Islamic morality were the ones undermining the real ethics & principles of society.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Badreya whispered in her ear, 'The price of freedom is high, Bodour, and there is no writing without freedom.'" -Nawal El-Saadawi
“A proverb says, Talk so that I may know who you are. But I say, Show me your eyes & I will know who you are." -Nawal El-Saadawi
“My father used to say: If the price we pay for freedom is high, we pay a much higher price if we accept to be slaves.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“Words should not seek to please, to hide the wounds in our bodies, or the shameful moments in our lives." -Nawal El-Saadawi
"Words may hurt, give us pain, but they also provoke us to question what we have accepted for thousands of years.” -Nawal El-Saadawi
“How many were the years of my life that went by before my body, and my self became really mine, to do with them as I wished?" -Nawal El-Saadawi
"How many were the years of my life that were lost before I tore my body & my self away from the people who held me in their grasp?” -Nawal El-Saadawi
